# HTML Album Cover

## Learning Goals

- Use common HTML tags to produce a webpage based on a mock-up

## Introduction

Learning all the individual pieces that make up a web page is a necessary first
step in the process of learning HTML, but one of the best ways to solidify the
concepts we've learned is to apply concepts together. In this lab, your task
will be to update `index.html` based on commented notes in the file, using what
we've learned about text formatting and displaying images.

## Getting Started

Fork and clone this lesson into your local environment. Navigate into its
directory in the terminal, then run `code .` to open the files in Visual Studio
Code. Finally, run `npm install` to install the lab's dependencies.

## Apply Header, Paragraph, Image and Span Tags

Pharrell isn't quite happy, he needs some help coding the album cover for his
hit song "Happy." His dev chops aren't quite as skilled as yours, so he's hired
you to take care of business.

Pharrell did provide us with a mock-up of what he would like to see for the
design of the album cover:

![Happy Album Cover](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/phase-0/html-album-cover-lab/album-cover-mockup.png)

In the industry, front-end developers are typically given specs just like this
from the product team and then asked to write the code to make a website look
just like the spec. Today, you're the developer and Pharrell is the product
team.

### Use SOURCE.md

Pharrell has provided us with the text for the album and all the legal
mumbo-jumbo to give credit where credit is due. You can find that text in
`SOURCE.md`. Again, this is a typical industry standard workflow, where the
developers are given a copy for the site from the product team.

Each line of text in this file corresponds to a note in `index.html` that will
indicate where you'll need to add this information. It will be up to you to pick
which HTML tags to use.

### Deliverables

Write your code in `index.html`. Your job is to make sure the text from
`SOURCE.md` makes it into `index.html` surrounded by the appropriate HTML tags.

The files you need are provided in the 'images' folder, but you'll have to write
the correct URL paths (like `http://..../image-name`) in order for them to
display correctly.

You may not have encountered the `span` tag before, so if you are curious, take
a moment to [read up on some reference material] to better understand its use.

Open `index.html` in a separate browser tab to see your progress on the Album
Cover as you build it.

Run `npm test` to make sure you've met all the deliverables and passed the
tests.

## Saving Your Work Remotely

Currently, the work you've done on this assignment is only on your local
machine. To preserve work on your GitHub fork, you will need to stage the
changes you've made, commit them, and push the commit up to GitHub. Use the
following commands to do this:

```console
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "Completed assignment"
$ git push
```

If you visit your fork on GitHub, you should now see that _you've_ made the most
recent commit, and your solution will be present in the files.

## Conclusion

A lot of the formatting in this lab is done using CSS, or Cascading Style
Sheets, a language that defines styling for HTML. Before we can get to more
elaborate styling, though, it is important to have a strong understanding of
HTML fundamentals.

In this lab, we've tested that understanding by having you practice applying
headers, image, and paragraphs. Completing this lab means that you have a solid
foundation that we can build upon as we continue to learn about web development.

_Clap along if you feel_ you're getting the hang of HTML!

[read up on some reference material]:
  https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_span.asp
